c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Facedet.exe.config
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Facedet.exe
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Facedet.pdb
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\DotImaging.BitmapSourceInterop.dll
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\DotImaging.GenericImage.dll
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\DotImaging.Primitives2D.dll
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Facedetect.Api.dll
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\WebCam_Capture.dll
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Face.dll
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Common.dll
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Facedetect.Api.pdb
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\DotImaging.BitmapSourceInterop.xml
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\DotImaging.GenericImage.xml
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\DotImaging.Primitives2D.xml
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\obj\Debug\Facedet.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\obj\Debug\Facedet.Facedetect.resources
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\obj\Debug\Facedet.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\obj\Debug\Facedet.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\obj\Debug\Facedet.exe
c:\users\athmane\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\obj\Debug\Facedet.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Facedet.exe.config
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\obj\Debug\Facedet.exe
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\obj\Debug\Facedet.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Facedet.exe
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Facedet.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\DotImaging.BitmapSourceInterop.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\DotImaging.GenericImage.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\DotImaging.Primitives2D.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Facedetect.Api.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Face.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Common.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Facedetect.Api.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\DotImaging.BitmapSourceInterop.xml
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\DotImaging.GenericImage.xml
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\DotImaging.Primitives2D.xml
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\obj\Debug\Facedet.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\obj\Debug\Facedet.Facedetect.resources
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\obj\Debug\Facedet.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Facedet\Facedet\obj\Debug\Facedet.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
